README.md, before:

# ShoppingCart

This is a partial implementation of the software behind a supermarket till system. It is intended
for use as a take-home project by candidates. The existing implementation is not intended to be
high-quality code.

The goal of the software is to record items as they're swiped through a supermarket till, and then
to print a receipt for the supermarket customer (multiple ShoppingCart::addItem calls, then a call
to ShoppingCart::printReceipt). Candidates should reimplement ShoppingCart, but must adhere to the
existing interface, IShoppingCart. Please make any decisions you feel appropriate in the absence of
sufficient information.

Please note; there are no intentional tricks/traps in this project. Please work-around any bugs you
discover & note them for the discussion.

## Dependencies
  A C++ compiler, such as GNU C++ or Clang C++. By default, GNU C++ is used to compile the project.
  To use a different compiler please update the CXX variable in the Makefile.

## Build
  make

## Run and test
  ./shoppingcart

Commit message:

Updated README regarding noting down assumptions and design decisions

README.md, after:

# ShoppingCart

This is a partial implementation of the software behind a supermarket till system. It is intended
for use as a take-home project by candidates. The existing implementation is not intended to be
high-quality code.

The goal of the software is to record items as they're swiped through a supermarket till, and then
to print a receipt for the supermarket customer (multiple ShoppingCart::addItem calls, then a call
to ShoppingCart::printReceipt). Candidates should reimplement ShoppingCart, but must adhere to the
existing interface, IShoppingCart. Please make any decisions you feel appropriate in the absence of
sufficient information and note them down for discussion at the onsite (in the PR subject, or with
TODO comments).

Please note; there are no intentional tricks/traps in this project. Please work-around any bugs you
discover & note them for the discussion.

## Dependencies
  A C++ compiler, such as GNU C++ or Clang C++. By default, GNU C++ is used to compile the project.
  To use a different compiler please update the CXX variable in the Makefile.

## Build
  make

## Run and test
  ./shoppingcart
